Bluetopia® Clickwrap License Agreement

IMPORTANT - This is a legally binding agreement. Read it carefully. After you 
read the following terms, you will be asked whether you are authorized to 
commit your company to abide by the following terms. THIS AGREEMENT IS 
DISPLAYED FOR YOU TO READ PRIOR TO DOWNLOADING OR USING THE "LICENSED 
MATERIALS".

DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR INSTALL the software programs unless you agree on behalf of 
yourself and your company to be bound by the terms of this License Agreement.

DO NOT CLICK "I AGREE" UNLESS:

1. YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE ON BEHALF OF 
YOURSELF AND YOUR COMPANY; AND

2. YOU INTEND TO ENTER THIS LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND 
YOUR COMPANY.

Important - Read carefully: This software license agreement ("Agreement") is a 
legal agreement between you (either an individual or entity) and Texas 
Instruments Incorporated ("TI"). The "Licensed Materials" subject to this 
Agreement include the software programs which are referenced in the Manifest 
attached to this Agreement that TI has granted you access to download and any 
"on-line" or electronic documentation associated with these programs, or any 
portion thereof. The Licensed Materials are specifically designed and licensed 
for use solely and exclusively with a CC256x device manufactured by or for TI 
in combination with a Stellaris Cortex-M series device manufactured by or for 
TI (these two devices hereinafter referred to as the "TI Devices"). By 
installing, copying or otherwise using the Licensed Materials you agree to 
abide by the provisions set forth herein. This Agreement is displayed for you 
to read prior to using the Licensed Materials. If you choose not to accept or 
agree with these provisions, do not download or install the Licensed Materials. 
This Agreement shall become effective on the earlier of the date you install or 
use the Licensed Materials, or the date you indicate your acceptance of these 
terms and conditions by selecting "I Agree" or equivalent during the Licensed 
Materials download or installation process ("Effective Date").

1. Delivery. TI may deliver the Licensed Materials, or portions thereof, to you 
electronically.

2. License Grant and Use Restrictions.

a. Limited Source Code License. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, and 
commencing as of the Effective Date and continuing for the term of this 
Agreement, TI hereby grants to you a limited, free, non-transferable, 
non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-sub-licensable license to make copies, 
prepare derivative works, display internally and use internally the Licensed 
Materials provided to you in source code for the sole purposes of designing and 
developing object and executable versions of such Licensed Materials or any 
derivative thereof, that execute solely and exclusively on the TI Devices used 
in Customer Product(s), and maintaining and supporting such Licensed Materials, 
or any derivative thereof, and Customer Product(s). "Customer Product" means a 
final product distributed by or for you that consists of both hardware, 
including the TI Devices, and software components, including only executable 
versions of the Licensed Materials that execute solely and exclusively on or 
with such TI Devices and not on devices manufactured by or for an entity other 
than TI.

b. Production and Distribution License. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, 
and commencing as of the Effective Date and continuing for the term of this 
Agreement, TI hereby grants to you a free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, 
non-assignable, worldwide license to:

(i). Use object code versions of the Licensed Materials, or any derivative 
thereof, to make copies, display internally, evaluate, test, distribute 
internally and use internally for the sole purposes of designing and developing 
Customer Product(s), and maintaining and supporting the Licensed Materials and 
Customer Product(s);

(ii). Make copies, use, sell, offer to sell, and otherwise distribute object 
code and executable versions of the Licensed Materials, or any derivative 
thereof, for use in or with Customer Product(s), provided that such Licensed 
Materials are embedded in or only used with Customer Product(s), and provided 
further that such Licensed Materials execute solely and exclusively on the TI 
Devices and not on any device manufactured by or for an entity other than TI. 
Distribution of the Licensed Materials other than software in executable or ROM 
format shall be pursuant to a written license agreement on terms not less 
restrictive than this Agreement.

c. Demonstration License. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, and 
commencing as of the Effective Date and continuing for the term of this 
Agreement, TI grants to you a free, non-transferable, non-exclusive, 
non-assignable, non-sub-licensable worldwide license to demonstrate to third 
parties the Licensed Materials as they are used in Customer Products executing 
solely and exclusively on the TI Devices, provided that such Licensed Materials 
are demonstrated in object or executable versions only.

d. Contractors. The licenses granted to you hereunder shall include your 
on-site and off-site independent contractors, while such independent 
contractors are performing work for or providing services to you, provided that 
such independent contractors have executed work-for-hire agreements with you 
containing terms and conditions not inconsistent with the terms and conditions 
set forth in this Agreement and provided further that such contractors may 
provide work product to only you under such work-for-hire agreements, and that 
you shall be liable to TI for any breach by such independent contractor of this 
Agreement to the same extent as you would be if you had breached this Agreement 
yourself.

e. No Other License. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, nothing in this 
Agreement shall be construed as a license to any intellectual property rights 
of TI other than those rights embodied in the Licensed Materials provided to 
you by TI. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED HEREIN, NO OTHER LICENSE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, BY 
ESTOPPEL OR OTHERWISE, TO ANY OTHER TI INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS IS GRANTED 
HEREIN.

f. Limited License to TI. Continuing for the term of this Agreement, you hereby 
grant to TI and TI's licensees of the Licensed Materials, under any of your 
patents embodied in the Licensed Materials, a non-transferable, non-exclusive, 
non-assignable, worldwide, fully paid-up, royalty-free license to make, use, 
sell, offer to sell, import, export and otherwise distribute such Licensed 
Materials.

g. Restrictions. You shall maintain the source code versions of the Licensed 
Materials under password control protection and shall not disclose such source 
code versions of the Licensed Materials (including source code documentation), 
or any derivative thereof, to any person other than your employees and 
contractors whose job performance requires access. You shall not use the 
Licensed Materials, or any modification or derivative thereof, with a Bluetooth 
processing device manufactured by or for an entity other than TI, and you agree 
that any such unauthorized use of the Licensed Materials, or any modification 
or derivative thereof, is a material breach of this Agreement. Except as 
expressly provided in this Agreement, you shall not copy, publish, disclose, 
display, provide, transfer or make available the Licensed Materials to any 
third party and you shall not sublicense, transfer, or assign the Licensed 
Materials or your rights under this Agreement to any third party. You shall not 
mortgage, pledge or encumber the Licensed Materials in any way. You shall not 
(i) incorporate, combine, or distribute the Licensed Materials, or any 
derivative thereof, with any Public Software, or (ii) use Public Software in 
the development of any derivatives of the Licensed Materials, each in such a 
way that would cause the Licensed Materials, or any derivative thereof, to be 
subject to all or part of the license obligations or other intellectual 
property related terms with respect to such Public Software, including but not 
limited to, the obligations that the Licensed Materials, or any derivative 
thereof, incorporated into, combined, or distributed with such Public Software 
(x) be disclosed or distributed in source code form, be licensed for the 
purpose of making derivatives of such software, or be redistributed free of 
charge, contrary to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (y) be used 
with devices other than the TI Devices, or (z) be otherwise used or distributed 
in a manner contrary to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. As used in 
this Section 2(g), "Public Software" means any software that contains, or is 
derived in whole or in part from, any software distributed as open source 
software, including but not limited to software licensed under the following or 
similar models: (A) GNU's General Public License (GPL) or Lesser/Library GPL 
(LGPL), (B) the Artistic License (e.g., PERL), (C) the Mozilla Public License, 
(D) the Netscape Public License, (E) the Sun Community Source License (SCSL), 
(F) the Sun Industry Standards Source License (SISL), (G) the Apache Server 
license, (H) QT Free Edition License, (I) IBM Public License, and (J) 
BitKeeper.

h. Termination. This Agreement is effective until terminated. You may terminate 
this Agreement at any time by written notice to TI. Without prejudice to any 
other rights, if you fail to comply with the terms of this Agreement, TI may 
terminate your right to use the Licensed Materials, or any derivative thereof, 
upon written notice to you. Upon termination of this Agreement, you will 
destroy any and all copies of the Licensed Materials in your possession, 
custody or control and provide to TI a written statement signed by your 
authorized representative certifying such destruction. The following sections 
will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement: 2(h) 
(Termination), 3 (Licensed Materials Ownership), 4 (Intellectual Property 
Rights), 5 (Confidential Information), 6 (Warranties and Limitations), 7 
()Indemnification Disclaimer), 10 (Export Control), 11 (Governing Law and 
Severability), 12 (PRC Provisions), 13 (Audit), and 14 ()Entire Agreement).

3. Licensed Materials Ownership. The Licensed Materials are licensed, not sold 
to you, and can only be used in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
Subject to the licenses granted to you pursuant to this Agreement, TI and TI's 
licensors own and shall continue to own all right, title, and interest in and 
to the Licensed Materials, including all copies thereof. The parties agree that 
all fixes, modifications and improvements to the Licensed Materials conceived 
of or made by TI that are based, either in whole or in part, on your feedback, 
suggestions or recommendations are the exclusive property of TI and all right, 
title and interest in and to such fixes, modifications or improvements to the 
Licensed Materials will vest solely in TI. You acknowledge and agree that 
regardless of the changes made to the Licensed Materials, your right to use any 
and all derivatives of the Licensed Materials shall remain subject to the terms 
and conditions of this Agreement. Moreover, you acknowledge and agree that when 
your independently developed software or hardware components are combined, in 
whole or in part, with the Licensed Materials, or any derivative thereof, your 
right to use the Licensed Materials, or any derivative thereof, embodied in 
such resulting combined work shall remain subject to the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement.

4. Intellectual Property Rights.

a. The Licensed Materials contain copyrighted material, trade secrets and other 
proprietary information of TI and TI's licensors and are protected by copyright 
laws, international copyright treaties, and trade secret laws, as well as other 
intellectual property laws. To protect TI's and TI's licensors' rights in the 
Licensed Materials, you agree, except as specifically permitted by statute by a 
provision that cannot be waived by contract, not to "unlock", decompile, 
reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise translate any portions of the 
Licensed Materials provided to you in object code format only to a 
human-perceivable form nor to permit any person or entity to do so. You shall 
not remove, alter, cover, or obscure any confidentiality, trade secret, 
proprietary, or copyright notices, trade-marks, proprietary, patent, or other 
identifying marks or designs from any component of the Licensed Materials and 
you shall reproduce and include in all copies of the Licensed Materials the 
copyright notice(s) and proprietary legend(s) of TI and TI's licensors as they 
appear in the Licensed Materials. TI reserves all rights not specifically 
granted under this Agreement.

b. Third parties may claim to own patents, copyrights, or other intellectual 
property rights that cover the implementation of certain Licensed Materials. 
Certain Licensed Materials may also be based on industry recognized standards, 
including but not limited to specifically the Bluetooth standards, and software 
programs published by industry recognized standards bodies and certain third 
parties claim to own patents, copyrights, and other intellectual property 
rights that cover implementation of those standards. You acknowledge and agree 
that this Agreement does not convey a license to any such third party patents, 
copyrights, and other intellectual property rights and that you are solely 
responsible for any patent, copyright, or other intellectual property right 
claims that relate to your use and distribution of the Licensed Materials, and 
your use and distribution of your products that include or incorporate the 
Licensed Materials.

5. Confidential Information. You acknowledge and agree that the Licensed 
Materials contain trade secrets and other confidential information of TI and 
TI's licensors. You agree to use the Licensed Materials solely within the scope 
of the licenses set forth herein, to maintain the Licensed Materials in strict 
confidence, to use at least the same procedures and degree of care that you use 
to prevent disclosure of your own confidential information of like importance 
but in no instance less than reasonable care, and to prevent disclosure of the 
Licensed Materials to any third party, except as may be necessary and required 
in connection with your rights and obligations hereunder. You agree to obtain 
executed confidentiality agreements with your employees and contractors having 
access to the Licensed Materials and to diligently take steps to enforce such 
agreements in this respect. TI may disclose your contact information to TI's 
applicable licensors.

6. Warranties and Limitations. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE LICENSED 
MATERIALS MAY NOT BE INTENDED FOR PRODUCTION APPLICATIONS AND MAY CONTAIN 
IRREGULARITIES AND DEFECTS NOT FOUND IN PRODUCTION SOFTWARE. FURTHERMORE, YOU 
ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE LICENSED MATERIALS HAVE NOT BEEN TESTED OR 
CERTIFIED BY ANY GOVERNMENT AGENCY OR INDUSTRY REGULATORY ORGANIZATION OR ANY 
OTHER THIRD PARTY ORGANIZATION. YOU AGREE THAT PRIOR TO USING, INCORPORATING OR 
DISTRIBUTING THE LICENSED MATERIALS IN OR WITH ANY COMMERCIAL PRODUCT THAT YOU 
WILL THOROUGHLY TEST THE PRODUCT AND THE FUNCTIONALITY OF THE LICENSED 
MATERIALS IN OR WITH THAT PRODUCT AND BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR 
FAILURES.

THE LICENSED MATERIALS AND ANY RELATED DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND 
WITH ALL FAULTS. TI MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION, WHETHER EXPRESS, 
IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, REGARDING THE LICENSED MATERIALS, INCLUDING BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, LACK OF VIRUSES, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF RESPONSES, 
RESULTS AND LACK OF NEGLIGENCE. TI DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE, QUIET 
ENJOYMENT, QUIET POSSESSION, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, 
COPYRIGHTS, TRADE SECRETS OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. YOU AGREE TO 
USE YOUR INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN DEVELOPING YOUR PRODUCTS. NOTHING CONTAINED IN 
THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE CONSTRUED AS A WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION BY TI TO 
MAINTAIN PRODUCTION OF ANY TI SEMICONDUCTOR DEVICE OR OTHER HARDWARE OR 
SOFTWARE WITH WHICH THE LICENSED MATERIALS MAY BE USED.

IN NO EVENT SHALL TI, OR ANY APPLICABLE LICENSOR, BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED, ON ANY 
THEORY OF LIABILITY, IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE 
USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER TI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. EXCLUDED DAMAGES INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO, 
COST OF REMOVAL OR REINSTALLATION, OUTSIDE COMPUTER TIME, LABOR COSTS, LOSS OF 
DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF SAVINGS, OR LOSS OF USE OR 
INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS. IN NO EVENT WILL TI'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT OR ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS EXCEED FIVE 
HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (US$500). THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM WILL NOT 
ENLARGE OR EXTEND THESE LIMITS.

Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of 
incidental or consequential damages or limitation on how long an implied 
warranty lasts, the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.

7. Indemnification Disclaimer. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT TI SHALL NOT BE 
LIABLE FOR AND SHALL NOT DEFEND OR INDEMNIFY YOU AGAINST ANY THIRD PARTY 
INFRINGEMENT CLAIM THAT RELATES TO OR IS BASED ON YOUR MANUFACTURE, USE, OR 
DISTRIBUTION OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS OR YOUR MANUFACTURE, USE, OFFER FOR 
SALE, SALE, IMPORTATION OR DISTRIBUTION OF YOUR PRODUCTS THAT INCLUDE OR 
INCORPORATE THE LICENSED MATERIALS.

You will defend and indemnify TI in the event of claim, liability or costs 
(including reasonable attorney's fees related to your use or any sub-licensee's 
use of the Licensed Materials) relating in any way to your violation of the 
terms of the License Grants or Use Restrictions set forth in Section 2 , or any 
other violation of other terms and conditions of this Agreement.

8. No Technical Support. TI and TI's licensors are under no obligation to 
install, maintain or support the Licensed Materials.

9. Notices. All notices to TI hereunder shall be delivered to Texas Instruments 
Incorporated, 12500 TI Boulevard, Mail Station 8723, Dallas, Texas 75243, 
Attention: WBU Contracts Administrator, with a copy to Texas Instruments 
Incorporated, 13588 North Central Expressway, Mail Station 3999, Dallas, Texas 
75243, Attention: Law Department - WBU. All notices shall be deemed served when 
received by TI.

10. Export Control. The Licensed Materials are subject to United States (U.S.) 
export control laws and may be subject to export or import regulations in other 
countries. The Licensed Materials are classified as encryption items under Part 
740.17 of the Commerce Control List ("CCL") of the U.S. Bureau of Industry and 
Security's Export Administration Regulations ("EAR"). The assurances provided 
herein are furnished to TI in compliance with the specific encryption controls 
set forth in Part 740.17 of the EAR - Encryption Commodities and Software 
(ENC). You warrant and represent that you will not export or re-export the 
Licensed Materials, or any part thereof, to any country, person, entity, or 
end-user subject to U.S. export restrictions without first obtaining the proper 
license(s) or approval(s) to do so. You warrant and represent to TI that the 
U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Homeland Security, or any 
other federal or state agency or foreign government, has not suspended, 
revoked, or denied its import or export privileges. Furthermore, without 
limiting the foregoing, You shall not export or re-export the Licensed 
Materials:

a. to any country to which the United States has embargoed or restricted the 
export of goods or services, which include, but are not necessarily limited to 
Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, and Syria, or to any national of any such 
country, wherever located, who intends to transmit or transport the Licensed 
Materials to such country;

b. to any end-user who you know or have reason to know will utilize the 
Licensed Materials in the design, development, or production of nuclear, 
chemical, or biological weapons; or

c. to any end-user who you know or have reason to know has been prohibited from 
participating in U.S. export transactions by the U.S. government.

d. You specifically agree that you shall not transfer or release products, 
technology, software, or software source code of TI or its affiliates to, or 
for use by, military end users or for use in military, missile, nuclear, 
biological, or chemical weapons end uses.

11. Governing Law and Severability. This Agreement will be governed by and 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without 
reference to conflict of laws principles. If for any reason a court of 
competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the Agreement to be 
unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent possible 
to effectuate the intent of the parties, and the remainder of the Agreement 
shall continue in full force and effect. This Agreement shall not be governed 
by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of 
Goods, or by the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act (UCITA), as it 
may be enacted in the State of Texas. The parties agree that non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement lies 
within the courts located in the State of Texas. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
any judgment may be enforced in any United States or foreign court, and either 
party may seek injunctive relief in any United States or foreign court.

12. PRC Provisions. If you are located in the People's Republic of China 
("PRC") or if the Licensed Materials will be sent to the PRC, the following 
provisions shall apply and shall supersede any other provisions in this 
Agreement concerning the same subject matter as the following provisions:

a. Registration Requirements. You shall be solely responsible for performing 
all acts and obtaining all approvals that may be required in connection with 
this Agreement by the government of the PRC, including but not limited to 
registering pursuant to, and otherwise complying with, the PRC Measures on the 
Administration of Software Products, Management Regulations on Technology 
Import-Export, and Technology Import and Export Contract Registration 
Management Rules. Upon receipt of such approvals from the government 
authorities, you shall forward evidence of all such approvals to TI for its 
records. In the event that you fail to obtain any such approval or 
registration, you shall be solely responsible for any and all losses, damages 
or costs resulting therefrom, and shall indemnify TI for all such losses, 
damages or costs.

b. Governing Language. This Agreement is written and executed in the English 
language. If a translation of this Agreement is required for any purpose, 
including but not limited to registration of the Agreement pursuant to any 
governmental laws, regulations or rules, you shall be solely responsible for 
creating such translation. Any translation of this Agreement into a language 
other than English is intended solely in order to comply with such laws or for 
reference purposes, and the English language version shall be authoritative and 
controlling.

c. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, USA, without reference to 
choice of law provisions. The parties expressly stipulate that the 1980 United 
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not 
apply. Any controversies and disputes arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement, which cannot be settled amicably by the parties within a period of 
sixty (60) days shall be subject to arbitration by the Singapore International 
Arbitration Center upon application of either party. The parties hereby agree 
that any and all such controversies and disputes shall be determined by 
arbitration by the Singapore International Arbitration Center, applying laws of 
the State of Texas, USA in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Center 
in force as of the date of the arbitration insofar as they are not incompatible 
with the Model Law or Part II of the International Arbitration Act. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may seek injunctive relief in any 
United States or foreign court.

13. Audit Right. At TI's request, and within thirty (30) days after receiving 
written notice, you shall permit an independent auditor selected by TI to have 
access, no more than twice each calendar year (unless the immediately preceding 
audit revealed a discrepancy) and during your regular business hours, to all of 
your equipment, records, and documents as may contain information bearing upon 
the use of the Licensed Materials. You shall keep full, complete, clear and 
accurate records with respect to product sales and distributions for a period 
beginning with the then-current calendar year and going back three (3) years.

14. Entire Agreement. This is the entire Agreement between you and TI, and 
absent a signed and effective software license agreement related to the subject 
matter of this Agreement, this Agreement supersedes any prior agreement between 
the parties related to the subject matter of this Agreement. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, any signed and effective software license agreement relating to 
the subject matter hereof and stating expressly that such agreement will 
control regardless of any subsequent clickwrap, shrink wrap or web wrap will 
supersede the terms of this Agreement. No amendment or modification of this 
Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by a duly authorized 
representative of TI. You hereby warrant and represent that you have obtained 
all authorizations and other applicable consents required empowering you to 
enter into this Agreement.

Manifest for Texas Instruments Bluetopia® Clickwrap License Agreement

July 22, 2011

Legend (explanation of the fields in the Manifest table below)

Software Name: The name of the application or file

License Type: Type of license(s) under which TI will be providing software to 
the licensee (e.g. BSD, GPLv2, TI TSPA License, TI Commercial License). See 
Open Source Reference License Disclaimer in the Disclaimers Section.

Location: The directory name and path on the media (or in an archive) where the 
Software is located.

Delivered As: This field will either be "Source", "Binary" or "Source and 
Binary" and is the form the content of the Software is delivered in. If the 
Software is delivered in an archive format, this field applies to the contents 
of the archive. If the word Limited is used with Source, as in "Limited Source" 
or "Limited Source and Binary" then only portions of the Source for the 
application are provided.

Modified by TI: This field will either be "Yes" or "No". A "Yes" means TI has 
made changes to the Software. A "No" means TI has not made any changes. Note: 
This field is not applicable for Software "Obtained from" TI.

Obtained from: This field specifies from where or from whom TI obtained the 
Software. It may be a URL to an Open Source site, a 3rd party licensor, or TI 
(if TI developed the software). If this field contains a link to Open Source 
software, the date TI downloaded the Software is also recorded. See Links 
Disclaimer in the Disclaimers Section.

Manifest

See Legend above for a description of the fields and possible values.

Software Name   : CC256x Bluetooth Patch
License Type    : TI Bluetopia Clickwrap SLA
Delivered As    : Binary
Modified by TI  : N/A
Location        : ./Bluetopia/
Obtained from   : TI

Software Name   : Stonestreet one LLC Bluetopia stack for Bluetooth,
                  SPP, A2DP, and AVRCP Profile
License Type    : TI Bluetopia Clickwrap SLA
Delivered As    : Binary
Modified by TI  : No
Location        : ./Bluetopia/
Obtained from   : Stonestreet One

Software Name   : Header files for Bluetopia Bluetooth stack
License Type    : TI Bluetopia Clickwrap SLA
Delivered As    : Source
Modified by TI  : No
Location        : ./Bluetopia/
Obtained from   : Stonestreet One

Software Name   : Porting layer BTPSKRNL, BTPSVEND, HCITRANS
License Type    : TI Bluetopia Clickwrap SLA
Delivered As    : Source
Modified by TI  : N/A
Location        : ./Bluetopia/
Obtained from   : TI
    